hey guys welcome to treat I have to do
those good to go super fast with my
batteries are gonna die today's video is
on coral on the flame watcher if you are
tanking the two tanks need to stand in
front of her her Chuck it's a hint
it's a hip the two tanks need to stand
in front of him when he does meteor fist
so they can split the damage mainly
needs to be behind the boss easy peasy
you should be behind the boss anyways
you're going to want to have your fire
with this totem your fire is this ouran
if you're made use your fire ward
because there is an AoE damage called
burning breath that will hit everyone in
the raid and there is nothing you can do
about it you're going to get hit with it
carry an extra healer too for AOE heels
um overall it's pretty easy fight if
there's a fire at your feet you should
probably move out of it it's not good
that your feet move not good here's some
reps footage I ask you please kindly
this is on my mage please do not whisper
my mage if you happen to see her name in
this video please don't wait for her if
you want to talk to me whisper pants to
warn or send me a message or leave me a
comment or add me on myspace just storm
was from image I love you guys we'll see
you later
you